Initial component and stack completion support (#992)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/completion.mdx

Run `atmos completion --help` to see all the available options
:::

> ## Zsh Completion Setup

Reviewer: Please use Docusarus tabs. https://docusaurus.io/docs/3.1.1/markdown-features/tabs

Plenty of examples like https://atmos.tools/install

Author: Done

Run `atmos completion --help` to see all the available options
:::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Your Shell

To enable command completion, you need to configure your shell. The setup process depends on which shell you’re using (e.g., `zsh` or `bash`).

Select your shell below for detailed setup instructions.

```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="zsh" name="Zsh">

## Zsh Completion Setup

To enable tab completion for Atmos in `Zsh`, add the following to your `~/.zshrc`:

```zsh
# Initialize Zsh completion system
autoload -Uz compinit && compinit

# Enable Atmos CLI completion
source <(atmos completion zsh)

# Improve completion behavior
zstyle ':completion:*' menu select      # Enable menu selection
zstyle ':completion:*' force-list always # Force vertical menu listing

# Ensure the Tab key triggers autocompletion
bindkey '\t' expand-or-complete
```

After saving the file, apply the changes by running:

```zsh
source ~/.zshrc
```

Now, you can run any `atmos` command, and pressing `<Tab>` after typing `atmos` will show the available subcommands. The same applies to `--stack` arguments and commands requiring a component (e.g., `atmos terraform plan`).

If completions do not work, try regenerating the completion cache:

```zsh
rm -f ~/.zcompdump && compinit
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::warning

> Note: The Atmos command completion script is generated based on the currently active workspace. If you create the completion script outside of any workspace, it will not include custom commands from any specific workspace. If you later switch to a workspace with custom commands, the completion script will not be able to suggest them. Additionally, if you create the script in a workspace with custom commands and then switch to another workspace, it might incorrectly suggest those custom commands. To ensure accurate suggestions, it's recommended to generate or regenerate the completion script from within the appropriate workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Atmos completion script statically completes [custom commands](/core-concepts/custom-commands) based on the Atmos configuration. If completions are generated without this configuration (e.g., outside a project directory), custom commands won’t be included. To ensure accuracy, generate or regenerate the script from the correct working directory. This only affects custom commands. Components, stacks, and built-in commands remain fully dynamic.
```

Run `atmos completion --help` to see all the available options
:::

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="bash" label="Bash" default>
## Bash Completion Setup

To enable tab completion for Atmos in `bash`, follow the steps given bellow

```
# execute and capture the autocompletion script
atmos completion bash &> ~/.atmos_completion.sh

# add the permissions
chmod +x ~/.atmos_completion.sh
```

Add the following line to your `.bashrc`
```
source ~/.atmos_completion.sh

> ```

Reviewer: Please use instructions from PR comments

Author: ohh this should not be here

Author: Done
